{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red7\green63\blue111;\red241\green241\blue241;\red21\green21\blue21;
\red208\green0\blue14;\red90\green90\blue90;\red10\green73\blue42;\red255\green255\blue255;\red213\green228\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c32157\c50980;\cssrgb\c95686\c95686\c95686;\cssrgb\c10588\c10588\c10588;
\cssrgb\c85882\c0\c5490;\cssrgb\c42745\c42745\c42745;\cssrgb\c0\c35294\c21961;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c86667\c91765\c100000;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Call Stack:
\fs24 \
\
Keeps track of functions (which ones are running and functions called within those other functions)\
\
Example:\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 function\cf4 \strokec4  \cf5 \strokec5 greeting\cf6 \strokec6 ()\cf4 \strokec4  \cf6 \strokec6 \{\cf4 \strokec4 \
   \cf5 \strokec5 sayHi\cf6 \strokec6 ();\cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \strokec6 \}\cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \strokec2 function\cf4 \strokec4  \cf5 \strokec5 sayHi\cf6 \strokec6 ()\cf4 \strokec4  \cf6 \strokec6 \{\cf4 \strokec4 \
   \cf2 \strokec2 return\cf4 \strokec4  \cf7 \strokec7 "Hi!"\cf6 \strokec6 ;\cf4 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \strokec6 \}\cf4 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl448\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \strokec5 greeting\cf6 \strokec6 ();\cf4 \strokec4 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf4 \cb8 \
Ignore all functions, until it reaches the\'a0\AppleTypeServices \cb3 greeting()\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb8 \'a0function invocation.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb8 Add the\'a0\AppleTypeServices \cb3 greeting()\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb8 \'a0function to the call stack list
\f2\fs32 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf4 \cb8 Execute all lines of code inside the\'a0\AppleTypeServices \cb3 greeting()\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb8 \'a0function.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb8 Get to the\'a0\AppleTypeServices \cb3 sayHi()\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb8 \'a0function invocation.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb8 Add the\'a0\AppleTypeServices \cb3 sayHi()\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb8 \'a0function to the call stack list.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb8 Execute all lines of code inside the\'a0\AppleTypeServices \cb3 sayHi()\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb8 \'a0function, until reaches its end.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb8 Return execution to the line that invoked\'a0\AppleTypeServices \cb3 sayHi()\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb8 \'a0and continue executing the rest of the\'a0\AppleTypeServices \cb3 greeting()\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb8 \'a0function.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb8 Delete the\'a0\AppleTypeServices \cb3 sayHi()\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb8 \'a0function from our call stack list\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf4 \cb8 When everything inside the\'a0\AppleTypeServices \cb3 greeting()\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb8 \'a0function has been executed, return to its invoking line to continue executing the rest of the JS code.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0\cb8 Delete the\'a0\AppleTypeServices \cb3 greeting()\AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb8 \'a0function from the call stack list.
\f2\fs32 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cb9 \uc0\u8232 \cb1 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Callback:\

\f2\fs32 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \

\fs24 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 Functions that are passed as arguments inside another function.\
They are good in asynchronous functions where one function has to wait for another one\
\
\
\

\f0\fs36 \AppleTypeServices \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 Higher-Order functions:\
\

\fs24 Functions that accept functions as parameters and/or return a function
\f2\fs32 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 \
}